DropDownEditors: Add fieldAddons descriptions & code snippets (#7978)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxDropDownEditor/1 Configuration/fieldAddons/beforeTemplate.md

---
id: dxDropDownEditor.Options.fieldAddons.beforeTemplate
type: template
---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies custom markup on the left of editor input fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A custom markup that displays content to the left of the input field.
```
